CONVERGE TO INSPIRE!

Do you love being inspired? Do you love inspiring others? Do you love art+tech?!!

1. what is eyeo festival?
Two months ago, I had this eye opening experience at EYEO Festival. What is EYEO Festival? The name EYEO comes from eye-opening(ooooh, cool right?) and it's created by the people who admire how we can use technology to create beautiful art or do just really some cool shit.
This was 4 day conference. And I was so busy from 9am till midnight every day and it was so much fun. From the opening key note till the last after party, you soak up all the passion and energy from the people.
Each speaker is very unique and talks about cool project they've been working on. The speaches are super cool.
But really, what made this so much more special is the community created by everyeone there. Everyone wants to connect with you and is genuintely interested in learning about you, your motivation, your story, your passion and your dream!
Really, when I came home after this, I had a mild depression because I missed it that much. But I have one year left to do some my cool shit and next year I can showcase. So that cheered me up.

3. the highlights
There were so many cool lecturues. and all the videos will be uploaded to vimeo sometime this year (maybe around october?). There were 2 of my favorites.
Mario klinger uses GAN(Generative Adversarial Network) to generate mysterious, weird, scary, creepy, beautiful, dreamy, imperfect(yes imperfect) images. I was amazed at how machine learning can be applied for creating images like this and the algorithm is such a simple idea, yet very powerful.
He wondered about what would machine generate if it was high? Humans need to work hard(aka. need some help of plants) in order to break the lines in thoughts of our brain. but for machine, it's easy. you just randomly modify the trained model. and Poop! there you go. you see this bizarre images.
Artificial muse... never thought of this..

Onyx Ashanti.. he was sooo chill. He said "If you want to know the town, you gotta go to blabla. But in my case, if you want to know the town, you check out how people respond to your 3d sensors".
Since 2 years ago, he bought just one pair of pants and one underwears. And has been wearing that only all the time. now it's getting holes. 
He tried to wear these 3d sensors to airport and you guess what would've happened. He used to play saxophone and do performances in clubbing. But after he stopped recreational drugs, the club scene became boring and he was up for yet another high experiences.
and he decided to create wind saxophone. It's kinda like saxophone that makes sound as you move your hands except that there's no actual saxophone object you're holding.
And then it became not only about music. but about how it can be a new interafce for us to interact with machines. 
When we do computers, watch tv, look at phones, it all requires our eyes to be tied at the interface. and our ability to multi task becomes less.
but what if we use the sound to generate data and we don't need to look at the screen? you type with your hands in the air, or control robot through it?
Can't wait to use it!!!

4. my personal experience
For a while, I've thought in my career my true passion is separated from my career. My career gives me this great stability but the work is boring. But my true passion, my art, is something i should do on my hobby. and i couldn't find the connection between the techinical skillsets i have and this intimate, flowing, art.
But now i'm inspired more than ever! I'm not the only one. There's this whole community who shares the same purposes. and seeing how using technology you can create such beautiful exepreince at a bigger scale or much more complicated beautifully.
and i'm on the journey of finding out which tech to use for my art. and inspring others. it feels so precious when i hear from people that i inspire them. 

4. dress code
if you already work in tech, you know the typical geek outfit. t-shirt with linux code written on it and jeans. you can just wear that same thing and go.
but keep in mind, the people here even though we're big geek in our heart, we appreciate visual beauty. Also, doing some personal branding doesn't hurt.
Of all the 1000 people, I remember a guy who was wearing this cool ring that spans across 4 fingers and has his pinky manicured in black color. I see his ring and few days later I recognize him by looking at this finger.
Same goes for tattoos. I'm not saying you should wear tattoo on your face like Gucci, but you get the point.

5. minneapolis
This was first time visiting Minneapolis. Early June is very pleasant time to visit the city and it's a very artsy city. The buildings are beautiful.
And the Walker Center museum... Of all the museums I've been to, this is one of my favorites!! The exhibitions were very diverse and every exhibition was so fun and thought provoking.
There was a wall of CDs and honey was dripping from one CD to another one. I forgot what was the message but it was someting related to the memories in the CD... or something.
And then there was this room where you literally have sex with chocolate colored clay in VR. I honestly wish they have some door so it gives you some privacy when you're having fun in the VR. But it's open space and when you wear the VR, you kinda lean back on the bean bag and experience it while the people in line see you. That itself is fun experience too.
The position of characters and the way you navigate yourself in the VR is all very well done. Great way to exit the museum.

Hope you enjoyed reading my conference trip. If you know any conference like this, let me know. i'd love to soak in more and geek out with others. <3